hello youtube friends today I'm going to
teach how to download and they are paris 2
full and contract and in Spanish
well what can we do is download the
file here I put it in
in him
what's a good purpose called now
I 'm uploading it well, this we have
Discharged
when a folder like this appears ok
well what we 're going to do is put it in
a folder
Well, this was going to put
I dont know
fast and now let's put here
good
here
and I'm going to put
extract here
for once it arrives and we wait
extracted is going to look like this
these two here I am also going to
leave the tricks good once
we have extracted the month we are going to
put you extract here again good already
that we arrived extracted we will leave a
folder like this
how is it
ok what we're going to do is live it
with the district
when you are different
install of 15 because if we inflate the of
purchases we have real problems of
dimension of 15 when they can continue
to continue
continue
It's a typical
[Music]
with the compu
what yes
install
he also has crack
and Spanish and very good for visit
a little bit but the truth is worth the
pain
is waiting
[Music]
when they have put in with trick activity
wall injury are big shots they put you enter
and they put the trick on the good key
efe
[Music]
I install now if we are going to be able to
install of the day and about 15
[Music]
is creating the 5 months a moment but
now
[Music]
truly
very good here to the horn the
typical that finished this fast
well this is that if they want to choose the
typical the complete
because it will teach them how to make the crater
we wait a little while
[Music]
the box
ok well now what we are going to do is
install
ok when we removed it now
we install the crack we put it here
where it says non-civil is optimal
and since the grave was installed
now good now look for the clear
the deal what we're going to do is go to
let your team to your pc as they are
you a local disk born of
program and find a folder of
samples in science
well now we are going to
and you can fix this is the crack for
that his game
full games as you can see
these if you open these this month is the
good so good
but good
if you want to create a shortcut
and the hand
writing
here are the two
for the icon because the two are already
good and now if I have our
summarize which is good now I do not speak it
because I Engraver not tax lav
the game that is not seen but good god
yesterday I assure you that it is real and that it is
100% real and in Spanish it 's all good
friends and thanks for watching the video and
Download if you have any questions
good thanks, see you later